README.md, before:

<img src="git_assets/banner.gif" alt="ReCoil" width="960"/>

## A simple arcade shooter in zero-gravity.

Currently on version 0.9, just before release :)

Shoot through waves of different enemy types and manage your velocity through a small but fun 0-gravity shooter!
You can't move on your own, so you need to rely on the recoil of your shotgun to move!
Just be sure you don't shoot too much, or you will bounce around wildy out of control.

# Controls
This game has very simple controls:
  - Use your mouse to aim
  - Use z and x to increase and decrease the angle.
  - Click to shoot

# Features
## V0.9 includes:
  - 2 different enemy types
  - Dynamic music progression by SpicyPuddin
  - Simple art with shapes, beautified by a nice shader by pend00 on godotshaders.com
  - Scaling difficulty

## Planned for v1.0:
  - more enemy types
  - immovable appearing walls for more map complexety
  - highscore counter
  - Changing the angle with the scroll wheel
  - and some small UI tweaks

## Planned for future updates:
  - Add more settings
      - Controls remapping
      - shaders toggle
  - Modifiers to mkae the game easier/harder


# Installation
You can get the latest release ![here](https://github.com/RafaelJust/ReCoil/releases/latest).
Note that at the moment, windows builds are untested and may provide some issues (although since this game is pretty simple it shouldn't cause any problems).
Please report bugs ![at the github issues page](https://github.com/RafaelJust/ReCoil/issues/new?template=bug_report.md). You can also add feature requests there.

# Contributing
This game is made using godot, so you need to install it if you haven't.
Please fork and make PRs against the "devel" branch, as the main branch is for stable releases.
I will look at all PR's made, so feel free to add your Ideas to it.

# License
This project uses a ![GPL-v3 License](https://github.com/RafaelJust/ReCoil/blob/master/COPYING).

Commit message:

Update README.md to prepare move to codeberg

README.md, after:

<img src="git_assets/banner.gif" alt="ReCoil" width="960"/>

## IMPORTANT:
I am moving this repo from github to codeberg, and will eventually remove this repo in the near future.

## A simple arcade shooter in zero-gravity.

Currently on version 0.9, just before release :)

Shoot through waves of different enemy types and manage your velocity through a small but fun 0-gravity shooter!
You can't move on your own, so you need to rely on the recoil of your shotgun to move!
Just be sure you don't shoot too much, or you will bounce around wildy out of control.

# Controls
This game has very simple controls:
  - Use your mouse to aim
  - Use z and x to increase and decrease the angle.
  - Click to shoot

# Features
## V0.9 includes:
  - 2 different enemy types
  - Dynamic music progression by SpicyPuddin
  - Simple art with shapes, beautified by a nice shader by pend00 on godotshaders.com
  - Scaling difficulty

## Planned for v1.0:
  - more enemy types
  - immovable appearing walls for more map complexety
  - highscore counter
  - Changing the angle with the scroll wheel
  - and some small UI tweaks

## Planned for future updates:
  - Add more settings
      - Controls remapping
      - shaders toggle
  - Modifiers to mkae the game easier/harder


# Installation
You can get the latest release ![here](https://github.com/RafaelJust/ReCoil/releases/latest).
Note that at the moment, windows builds are untested and may provide some issues (although since this game is pretty simple it shouldn't cause any problems).
Please report bugs ![at the github issues page](https://github.com/RafaelJust/ReCoil/issues/new?template=bug_report.md). You can also add feature requests there.

# Contributing
This game is made using godot, so you need to install it if you haven't.
Please fork and make PRs against the "devel" branch, as the main branch is for stable releases.
I will look at all PR's made, so feel free to add your Ideas to it.

# License
This project uses a ![GPL-v3 License](https://github.com/RafaelJust/ReCoil/blob/master/COPYING).
